Allow users recover which class it is given obfuscated class name (#8666)
flutter/website: src/deployment/obfuscate.md

   For more information on the `symbolize` command,
   run `flutter symbolize -h`.

## Reading an obfuscated name

To understand a name created by an obfuscated app,
use the following steps to make it human readable:

> 1. At app build time, save the name obfuscation map
>    using `--extra-gen-snapshot-options=--save-obfuscation-map=/<your-path>`.

Reviewer: **issue:** Use parallel structure.
```suggestion
1. To save the name obfuscation map at app build time,
   use `--extra-gen-snapshot-options=--save-obfuscation-map=/<your-path>`.
```

>    using `--extra-gen-snapshot-options=--save-obfuscation-map=/<your-directory>`.

Reviewer 2: I'm curious why this line has a directory, yet the next command has a path. Does the tool generate it's own file(s) in the named target directory? Worth adding that clarification, I believe.

Author: My bad, it is (always) a path, fixed

   For example:

   ```terminal
   $ flutter build apk --obfuscate --split-debug-info=/<project-name>/<directory> --extra-gen-snapshot-options=--save-obfuscation-map=/<your-path>
   ```

> 1. Use the generated obfuscation map to recover the name.
>    The obfuscation map is a simple JSON array where
>    each obfuscated name is preceded by its original name.

Reviewer: **issue:** Condition, then instruction per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/sentence-structure).

```suggestion
1.  To recover the name, use the generated obfuscation map.
   The obfuscation map is a small JSON array where
   each obfuscated name is preceded by its original name.
```

**question:** Is this an array of JSON objects? That would give you pairs, which would be a more basic explanation.

Author: Yes it is pairs, I will update that
